Appeal No. LXVI of 1949. Appeal from the High Court of judicature, Bombay, in a reference under section 66 of the Indian Income tax Act, 1022 K.M. Munshi (N. P. Nathvani, with him), for the appel lant. ' M.C. Setalvad, Attorney General for India, for the respondent. Section 9 of the Income Tax Act says that an assessee's income from property can be used to pay a tax. Section 9 consists of four sub clauses corresponding to the four deductions allowed under the clause. Under the first sub clause interest is deductible whether the amount borrowed on the security of the property was spent on the property or not. We are therefore of opinion that capital charge here could only mean a charge created for a capital sum. "Capital charge" also used therein cannot have reference to a charge on the property, and we think it must (1) I.L.R. 60 cal. 557 be understood in the same sense as in sub clause (1), that is to say, the first sub clause having provided for deduc tion of interest where a capital sum is charged. This sub clause provides for a deduction of annual sums so charged, such sums not being capital sums" The City of Bombay Municipal Act, 1888, authorises the levy of a general tax on all buildings and lands in the city. The primary responsibility to pay this property tax is on the lessor (vide section 146 of the Act). Section 156 provides for the maintenance of an assessment book in which entries have to be made every official year. Munici pal property tax as well as the urban immoveable property tax are of the same character and stand on the same foot ing. The duty to collect the tax is laid on the municipality and it does so in the same manner as in the case of the municipal property tax. It makes the land or the building security for the payment of this tax also. The liability and the charge both co exist and are co exten sive. The provisions of the Act affording facilities for the discharge of the liability do not in any way affect their true nature and character. In Commissioner of Income tax, Bombay vs Mahomedbhoy Rowji(1) Beaumont C.J., rejected the claim for the deduction of the taxes. The deductions allowed in section 10 under the head "Income from business" proceed on a different footing and a construction of section 9 with the aid of section 10 is apt to mislead. Kania J. in the above case in arriving at his conclusion was influenced by the consideration that these taxes were of a variable character, i.e., liable to be increased or re duced.