Rameshwar Bhartia, the appellant, is a shopkeeper in Assam. He was prosecuted for storing paddy without a licence in excess of the quantity permitted by the Assam Food Grains Control Order, 1947. He admitted storage and possession of 550 maunds of paddy, but pleaded that he did not know that any licence was necessary. Sri C.K. Bhuyan was the then District Magistrate Lakhimpur. Prosecution sanctioned under section 7 (1) of the Essential Supplies (Temporary Powers) Act, 1946. Case happened to be tried by the same gentleman in his capacity as Addtional District Magistrates. The argument for the appellant was that having sanctioned the prosecution, Sri C.Bhuyan became "personally interested" in the case within the meaning of section 556. Section 130 of the Code states that a Judge or Magistrate is not deemed to be personally interested in a case if he has viewed the place in which an offence, is alleged to have been committed. The explanation and illustration lend some support to the view that there is a distinction between a passive interest and an active interest, and that it is only in the latter case that the disqualification arises. The question whether a Magistrate is personally interested or not has essentially to be decided the facts in each case. Pecuniary interest, however small, will be a disqualification. The maxim " Nemo debet esse judex in propria sua causa" applies only when the interest attributed is such as to render the case his own cause. A Full Bench consisting of Sir Richard Couch C. ' J and five other learned Judges came to the conclusion, after an examination of some of the English cases, that the trial was not vitiated. The decision lends no support to the view that wherever there is a sanction, the sanctioning authority is disabled under section 556 of the Code from trying the case initiated as a result of the sanction. There appears to 'be no such interest as would prevent the case from going" before the Magistrate as the trying authority . 134 In Queen Empress vs Chenchi Reddi(1) it was pointed out that when there was only an authorisation and not a direction, there was no supervening disability. In the case of Girish Chunder Ghose vs The QueenEmpress(2) was distinguished, the ground that there the Magistrates had taken a very active part in connection with the case. High Court did not exercise its inherent powers under section 561 A. Clause (1) of section 514 runs: "Whenever it is proved to the satisfaction of the, Court by which a bond under this Code has been taken, the Court shall call upon any person bound by such bond to pay the penalty thereof" The language is perfectly clear; the power to forfeit and the imposition of the penalty arise only if the preliminary conditions are satisfied.