Ram Padarath Mahto was one of the candidates for the Dalsinghsarai Constituency in the District of Darbhanga in Bihar for the State Legislature. His nomination paper was rejected by the returning officer on two grounds; he held that the appellant being an Inspector of Co operative Societies was a Government servant at the material time and so was disqualified from standing for election. He also found that he was a member of a joint and undivided Hindu family. Election Tribunal found that the petitioner was not a Government servant on the day he filed his nomination paper. Two contesting respondents filed two appeals in the High Court at Patna (Election Appeals Nos. 9 and 10 of 1958) The High Court has confirmed the finding of the Tribunal that the appellant was not an Government servant at the material time. On the construction of the contract, however, it differed from the view adopted by the Tribunal, and it has held that as a result of the said contract the appellant is disqualified. Section 7(d), as it stood at the material time and with which we are concerned in the present appeal, provides that a person shall be disqualified if he has any share or interest in a contract for the supply of goods to, or for the execution of any works or the performance of any services undertaken by, the appropriate Government. The High Court has found that the contract attracts the last part of section 7 (d) inasmuch as according to the High Court the Government of Bihar had undertaken to discharge the service of supplying grain to the residents of Bihar. The State Government wanted to entrust the work of stocking and storing foodgrains to a custodian or bailee. In that behalf the appellant 's firm made an application and ultimately was appointed a Bailee. Clause 1 of the contract provides that the second party shall, at the direction of the first party, take over food grains from the railway wagons or from any place as directed by the first parties. Mr. Varma contends that the service undertaken by the State Government is the sale of foodgrains under its Grain Supply Scheme. He argues that unless the contract shows that it was for sale of the said goods it cannot attract the provisions of section 7(d) Unfortunately the scheme adopted by the Government for the supply of grain has not been produced before the Election Tribunal, and so the precise nature and extent of the services undertaken can only be determined by reference to the contract in question. It would be difficult to hold that contracts entered into by the State Government with the agriculturists or the transport agency is a contract for the 477 sale of goods. The High Court did not correctly appreciate the effect of the contract when it held that the said contract brought the appellant 's case within the mischief of section 7(d) N. Satyanathan (1) was awarded Rs. 200 per month during the subsistence of the agreement "as his remuneration for the service to be rendered by him" The appeal must, therefore, be allowed and the order passed by the High Court set aside. Election Tribunal has declared the whole election to be void, and in their respective appeals filed before the High Court both the respondents have challenged the correctness of that finding. The High Court, however, thought that since in its opinion the nomination paper of the appellant had been properly rejected it was unnecessary to deal with the other point.