One lakshminarayana iyer a hindu brahmin who owned considerable properties in the tirunelveli district died on 13th december 1924 leaving him surviving a widow ranganayaki and a married daughter ramalakshmi. before his death he executed a will on 16th november 1924 the construction of which is in controversy in this appeal. by this will he gave the following directions after my lifetime you the aforesaid rangaayaki amminal and her heirs shall enjoy them with absolute rights. The main issue in the suit was whether the widow took under the will an absolute estate or an estate like the hindu widow 's estate and whether the daughter 's interest therein was in the nature of a contingent remainder or whether she got in the properties a vested interest. The subordinate judge held that the widow taking under the. will a limited life interest and not anabsolute estate or even a widow's estate under. hindu law. The appeal was admitted on the 27th november 1951. Lakshminarayan iyer intended by his will to direct that his entire properties should be enjoyed by his widow during her lifetime but her interest in these properties should come to an end on her death. He wished to make his daughter a fresh stock of descent so that her issue male or female may have the benefit of his property. The widow can not be held to have been given a full hindu widow 's estate under the will unless it can be said that under its terms she was given the power of alienation for necessary purposes. The properties disposed of by the will and mentioned in the schedule were considerable in extent and it seems that they fetched sufficient income to enable the widow to fulfil her obligations. It is not shown that she alienated a single item of immovable property till the year 1945. Ranganayaki ammal was more like the limited estate in the english sense of the term than like a full hindu widow 's estate. she had complete control over the income of the property during her lifetime. but she had no power to deal with the corpus of the estate. and it had to be kept intact for the enjoyment of the daughter. Mr krishnaswami iyengar sought to derive the greatest support for his contention from the decision in ram bahadur v jager. nath prasad 3 pat. l j 199. The will there recited that if a daughter or son was born to the testator during his lifetime such son or daughter would be the owner of all his properties. A suit was instituted by the son 's daughter for the recovery of possession of her share in one item of property forming part of the estate which had been sold by section. varadachari j held that since in the will the gift over to the grand children was of the entire properties and not a mere gift by way of defeasance it had to be held that it indicated that the prior gift in favour of the widow was only of a limited interest. this decision therefore goes against the contention of the learned counsel but he placed reliance on the observations made in the judgment. The case was placed on maharaja of kolhapur v sundaram iyer 1925 i l r 48 mad. The will was construed as giving the self acquired properties ultimately to the grandsons. The estate of the daughter was likened to an estate which she would take under the law of inheritance that is a limited estate analogous to a widow's estate. The last decision referred to was the decision of the privy council in mahomed shumsool v shewukram 1874 indlaw pc 12 1874 75 2 i a 7 there a hindu inhabitant of bihar by a document of a testamentary character declared his daughter who had two daughters as his heir. in a suit by the respondent against his grandmother the daughter of the testator for a declaratory order preserving unmolested his future right and title to the said lands it was held that the daughter took an estate. In the first instance he placed reliance on a decision of the madras high court in ratna chetty v narayana swami chetty 19i4 26 m l j 616. There the testator made a will in favour of his wife providing inter alia. all my properties shall after my death be in possession of my wife herself. He also wanted a decision on the construction of this will in his favour. If she took the estate only of a hindu widow one consequence no doubt would be that she would be unable to alienate the profits. reference was also made to a decision of the bombay high court in lallu v jagmohan 1898 i l r 22 bom. This will was couched in different language than the will in the present case. There was a clear prohibition forbidding the widow to make any transfers of the milkiuit estates. Mr krisbnaswami lyengar contended that the absence of any words in the will restricting her powers of alienation and putting a restraint on them suggested a contrary intention. In our judgment there is force in the contention of mr rajah iyer for reasons already stated and in the result therefore we dismiss this appeal with costs.