This appeal with special leave is directed against the judgment and order of the labour appellate tribunal of india in a dispute regarding the workers claim for bonus. during the year 1948 the appellant made a profit of rs 1197648 11 9 and paid 24 3 per cent. dividend on ordinary shares being the maximum that could be paid under the public companies limitation of dividend ordinance of 1948. in 1949 the selling rates for cloth and yarn were controlled by the government and were approximately 4 per cent below those obtained in 1948. as a result of all these circumstances the appellant suffered a trading loss of rs 502563 1 10. The industrial dispute which thus arose was referred for enquiry and recording of an award to the regional conciliation board textile kanpur. The conciliationBoard by a majority decision repelled the contention of the appellant and awarded the payment of bonus at annas 4 per rupee. The appellant filed this appeal against that decision after obtaining special leave from this court. The word bonus is commonly used to denote an increase in salary or wages in contracts of employment. It has been used especially in the united states of america to designate an award in addition to the contractual wage. It also gives another meaning of the word bonus viz increased compensation for services already rendered gratuitously or for a prescribed compensation.  bonus is not a gift or gratuity but a sum paid for services or upon a consideration in addition to or in excess of that which would ordinarily be given 12. i do not see why this does not fall within the definition of trade dispute just as much as a dispute as to the rate of wages or salary. Both labour and capital contribute to the earnings of the industrial concern. It is fair that labour should derive some benefit if there is a surplus after meeting prior or necessary charges. bonus is not a deferred wage. because if it were so it would necessarily rank for precedence before dividends the dividends can only be paid out of profits. unless and until profits are made no occasion can also arise for distribution of any sum as bonus amongst the employees. The labour appellate tribunal did not accept the contention of the respondent that bonus should be linked to dividends. It did not rest its decision on the respondent having a right title and interest in the reserves and the undistributed profits of the appellant. it however observed but in our opinion that should not be the universal rule. The labour force which earns profits of a particular year by collaborating with the employers is distinct from the one which contributed to the profits of the previous years. to admit the claim for bonus out of the reserves transferred to the profit and loss account would tantamount to allowing a second bonus on the same profits in respect of which the workers had already received their full bonus in the previous year. the considerations of social justice imported by the labour appellate tribunal in arriving at the decision in favour of the respondent were not only irrelevant but untenable. Social justice is not the fancy of any individual adjudicator if it were so then ideas of social justice might vary from adjudicator to adjudicator over all parts of india. The labour appellate tribunal did not apply its own formula to the facts of the present case. The workers of the appellant company themselves contributed to the trading losses incurred by the appellant and it hardly lay in their mouth then to contend that they were none the less entitled to a payment of bonus commensurate with the dividend. The decision of the labour appellate tribunal appealed against must be reversed and that of the industrial court textiles and hosiery kanpur restored. The appeal will accordingly be allowed with costs. vide dhakeswari cotton mills ltd v commissioner of income tax west bengal 1954 indlaw sc 213.