The high court allowed the two appeals acquitted the respondents and dismissed the application for revision preferred by the state. The state of andhra pradesh has come up before this court in appeal by obtaining special leave under article 136 of the constitution. The prosecution case in so far as it is material for the decision of this appeal is as follows. in the year 1929 the andhra engineering co which was originally a partnership firm formed by one d l n raju was converted into a private limited company with its headquarters at visakhapatnam. the aeco was appointed managing agent for each of these corporations under separate agreements. some time later the vesco undertaking was acquired by the government. The vesco had no managing director but at each meeting of its board of directors one of the directors used to be elected chairman. the aeco on the other band always had a managing director first of whom was d l n raju. according to the prosecution both these concerns were running smoothly and efficiently during the lifetime of d ln Raju because he was attending to their affairs. As secretary of vesco it was his duty to convene the meetings of the board of directors to present before them the periodical statement of receipts and expenditure. There were no complaints about the management of the affairs of the company or the aeco till the end of 1946 or the beginning of 1947. The conspiracy is said to have been hatched in the year 1947 and falsification of accounts and misappropriation of funds of vesco went on till the end of the accounting year. according to the prosecution the respondent No i took both the approver and lakshminarayana rao in his confidence as also some other persons known and unknown for carrying out his nefarious purpose. A lakh of rupees passed through an account called suspense account. amounts which were misappropriated used to find their way in this account. a new cash book was also said to have been prepared by the conspirators with the object of covering up the misappropriations which had been made. G krishna aiyar had vast experience in the maintenance of accounts of electrical undertaking 's having been chief accountant of the south madras electric supply corporation. in january 1952 he was brought in to undertake an investigation and then to act as financial adviser. on november 29 1951 there was a considerable uproar at that meeting because the respondent No 1 said that the auditor 's report had not been received. according to the prosecution the report is a forged document. The high court set aside the conviction of the respondents on a number of grounds. The high court held that since he was charged with a specific offence under s 409 i p c he could not be convicted of mere abetment of an offence. The approver 's evidence was held by the high court to be inadmissible because the pardon granted to him was illegal. The high court has also held that his evidence is unreliable and further that the additional sessions judge was in error in allowing him to refresh his memory by referring to various documents. The court held that the examination of the respondent under section 342 of the code was unfair for a number of reasons. The high court has relied upon the decision in re vankavalapati gopala rao 1956 airandhra 21. The main reasons upon which the conclusion of the high court is based are firstly that there could be no clubbing together of the provisions of the various clauses of section 239 and that the respondents were charged with more than three offences.  section 233 provides that for every distinct offence of which any person is accused there shall be a separate charge. section 2351 permits the trial of a person for more offences than one if they are so connected together as to form the same transaction. sub s 3 deals with a case in which a number of acts are alleged against an accused person. Section 239 does not read as if its various clauses can be applied only alternatively. grammatically it would appear that the provisions of the various clauses are capable of being applied cumulatively. of course a court has the power to depart from the grammatical construction if it finds that strict adherence to the Grammatical construction will defeat the object the legislature had in view. Section 239 says that the provisions contained in the former part of chapter xix shall as far as may be apply to the charges framed with the aid of section 239.does this mean that the. provisions of section 233 234 235 and 236 must also be complied with. obviously section 233 does not override the provisions of. section 239 and section 234 can not also be regarded as an overriding provision. In our opinion the words within the meaning of section 234 indicate that what was meant by the words offence of the same kind. The expression same transaction occurring in cls. a c and d of section 239 as well as that occurring in section 2351 ought to be given the same meaning according to the normal rule of construction of statutes. It is clear that the sections preceding section 239 have no overriding effect on that section. The courts are not to ignore them but apply such of them as can be applied without detracting from the provisions of s 239. The different clauses of section 239 are mutually exclusive in the sense that it is not possible to combine the provisions. of two or more clauses in any one case. High court has propounded that the connection described in each of the various clauses is mutually exclusive that no two of them can exist simulta neously in any case. We find it difficult to appreciate what seems to be the view of the high court that those principles are so to speak mutually exclusive and can not be cumulatively resorted to. The court says that the offences are of the same kind and must be deemed to have been committed in the same transaction because of association and mutual connection. Under cl. c they could be tried together for jointly committing the murder of the man and the wife because cl. a and c can not be combined. The same offence committed by all of them is that under section 147. All of them can be tried jointly in respect of that offence under cl. a so also a b and c could be jointly tried together for an offences under section 302. The decision in singarachariar 's case 1934 indlaw mad 352 c has really no bearing upon the point before us. It is difficult to appreciate how this case assists the conclusion arrived at by the high court. In d k chandra 's case 1951 indlaw mum 117 f b it was held that the provisions of sections 234 235 and 236. must be strictly construed and that if joinder of charges did not fall under any of them it would be illegal and contrary to law. in the state of andhra pradesh v kandinmlla subbaiah. where several persons had committed offences in the course of the same transactions they could jointly be tried in respect of all those offences under section 239. Section 235 1 provides that if in any one series of acts so connected together as to form the same transaction more offences than one are committed by the same person he may be charged with and tried at one trial for every such offence. No doubt the offence mentioned in charge No i is alleged to have been committed not by just one person but by all the accused. The question is whether all these persons can be jointly tried in respect of all these offences. High court held that it is not permissible to frame a charge of conspiracy when the matter has proceeded beyond the stage of conspiracy and that in pursuance of it offences have actually been committed. In swamirathnam 's case 1 certain persons were tried for the offence of the conspiracy to cheat the members of the public. The fact that in the course of years other joined the conspiracy did not have the effect of splitting the conspiracy into several conspiracies. The court rejected the argument that the charges of conspiracy could be clubbed together. The court also rejected the claim that the charge of conspiracy was added to the charge sheet very late. The jury was also told that it was not desirable to try respondents at the same trial for as many as 83 offences. Criminal conspiracy was however not an unknown thing before the amendment of the indian penal code in 1913. The idea was to prevent the commission of crimes by so to speak nipping them in the bud. We do not think that either that or the other objection raised that is that the charge embraces within it all the offences said to have been committed can properly be said to vitiate the charge. Mr bhimsankaram said that the court did not perform its duty under section 342 4 of the code as amended as it failed to bring to the notice of the respondents that they may if they chose give evidence in their defence. The questions had been prepared before hand by the learned additional sessions judge copies thereof were made available to each of the respondent and it was with reference to those copies that they gave their answers. We are satisfied that there is no substance in the complaint that the questioning bordered on cross examination. The respondents were represented by counsel at the trial who knew very well what the law was. It was not the duty of the court to draw the pointed attention of the respondents to the provisions of sub s 4 of section 342 and tell them that they may if they chose enter the witness box. The high court has pointed out that the main evidence on which the prosecution rests its case that the amount represented by the entries against these various firms were in. fact misappropriated by the respondents. The argument before the high court was and before us is that the absence of an entry can not of electricity duty to government. The high court held that since the account books were not translated they are not admissible in evidence. The high court was clearly wrong in so holding. In coming to this conclusion it has relied upon the provisions of section 356 2a of the code of criminal procedure. Mr bhimasankaram argued that the approver was allowed to refresh his memory by referring extensively to the account books and various documents produced in the case. This according to him was an absue of the provisions of section 159 of the evidence act. No objection was taken in the courts below on this score. According to mr bhimasankaram the pardon tendered to the approver was illegal and if the pardon is illegal his evidence is wholly inadmissible. According to him the evidence of theapprover was found by the additional sessions judge to be unreliable and therefore the first condition referred to in sarwan singh v the state of punjab was not satisfied. Mr chari for the state contends that if the words any offence punishable with imprisonment which may extend to 10 years were interpreted to mean offences which were punishable with imprinsonment of less than 10 years grave offences which are not exclusively triable by a court of sessions will be completely out of section 337 1. If this interpretation is accepted the object of the section that is to embrace within it would be fulfilled. The offence under section 467 read with section 471 is punishable with imprisonment for life or imprisonment of either description for a period of 10 years. The argument advanced before us would not even be available with regard to the pardon in respect of that offence. The validity of a pardon is to be determined with reference to the offence alleged against the approver alone. In 1949 the government of the province of madras issued certain instructions to the magistrates in pursuance of the separation of the judiciary from the executive. The magistrates were divided into two groups judicial magistrates and executive magistrates. The latter category comprises of the executive officers of the revenue department on whom the responsibility for the maintenance of law and order was to continue. Mr bhimasankaram argued that the proviso to section 3371 confers the power on the district magistrate to grant pardon in a case pending before another magistrate and not on an additional district magistrate. According to him no direction has in fact been shown to have been made by the state government conferring upon an additionalDistrictMagistrate the power of the District Magistrate.  learned counsel further pointed out that the decisions show that however undesirable it may be to adduce the evidence of a person jointly accused of having committed an offence along with others his evidence is competent and admissible except when it is given in a case in which he is being actually tried. mr chari in support of his contention has cited a large number of cases indian as well as english. The high court will of course be bound by the finding which we have given on the questions of law agitated before us. It must now do is to consider the entire evidence and decide for itself whether it is sufficient to bring home all or any of the offences to the respondents. We may mention that the high court 's observation that the approver 's evidence was treated as unreliable by the learned additional sessions judge is not correct. The prosecution would be well advised if instead of placing the evidence on each and every one of those large number of charges against the respondents it chooses to select a few charges under each head other than the head of conspiracy. This would save public time and also serve the purpose of the prosecution. with these observations we set aside the acquittal of the respondents and remit the appeal to the high court for decision on merits.